I want to talk a little bit about clever
text philosophy we are very big
believers in Dan Pink's what motivates a
person it's an important consideration
when people are dedicating a majority of
their life's time to work and explore
what motivates us there Dan pink offers
a framework of freedom mastery and
purpose and we believe in that for us
freedom is remote first remote for
everyone that provides the freedom to
work from anywhere and you gain tons of
time wasted when you're not remote all
while maintaining a high level of career
challenges without being left out
because we are a hundred percent remote
there is no in office versus out of the
office politics I do want to spend a
little time on this tension between
professionalism in the client service
world versus freedom in the remote world
on one hand we expect professionalism
and client service that means
sacrificing your time beyond regular
limits in order to provide a deeply
caring experience for our clients what
does a high level of professionalism
mean it means regular code commits it
means superb communication especially
when things are not going as well as
initially expected it's only through the
stressful times that trusts is created
on the other hand we provide a trusting
environment that it's flexible with time
you have a kid's softball game great
make sure the team is aware and go to
the game you want to take Friday off for
a long weekend there's no client
deadlines great enjoy we have no time
sheets
there's no Big Brother watching every
move now freedom is not enough mastery
is also important master is the ability
to continue to improve your skills to
get to a master level we're a big
proponent of that here clever tech both
tactically as well as strategically
tactically we're always exploring the
latest technical in of
Asians we might want to use on our
projects we get together in groups to
take courses and we push one another to
improve the software developers you get
to work with here our world-class and
push you to get better and better
strategically we recognize that the
world is created in language and that
means how we speak and what we say
influences our capabilities in this
world a simple way to understand this is
to think about customer satisfaction is
it possible for a client to smile at you
to thank you but actually be
dissatisfied with your work not want to
work with us again or better yet the
opposite yell and scream but actually be
completely satisfied and want to work
with us again absolutely so we study
that we study how to tell the difference
we study Trust how to get at the real
often hidden concerns and how to take
care in an authentic way people have
experienced this type of training have
reported transformations both at work
and at home and personally I'm super
pleased to share these types of
teachings these are experiences I've had
that have transformed my life and is
pretty unique to clever tech and of
course we have purpose purpose is
defined as participating in something
that's greater than yourself and when
you can do that you can achieve some
real satisfaction not just pleasure that
might be momentary but real deep
satisfaction at Kleber Tech we look for
people who share the philosophy of
service that we have service defined as
resourceful accommodating somebody who
feels like a partner not a vendor our
clients have invited teammates to their
offices take them out really make them
part of their vision and that's how we
define our purpose integral partners in
our clients success and for me that's a
very exciting things I've been doing
this ever since I've been in high school
trying to develop new services trying to
find ways to create value by being of
service and that's what clever tech is
clever tech is a group of people
that are more powerful together than
apart and it's with that configuration
that we are trying to create satisfying
ambitious and proudly lived lives and
that is our company's philosophy and I
want to make sure I took some time to
explain the way we think so if we can
find out if we're a good fit for each
other